(Transcribed by TurboScribe.ai. Go Unlimited to remove this message.)

What's up guys, so today we are going to break down Blake Emoll's landing page slash sales page. And the reason we're doing this specific one is because this is a more of a short form sales page. So if you're creating a kind of lower ticketed price item, you could use a short form sales page to basically make your sale.

So we're going to run through this. So the first thing that I love about Blake Blake's sales page is this cover photo. So this cover photo shows like an inside to the product, right? He created the ultimate Twitter thread system.

And so he's basically shown an inside to his notion dot to his notion page, where he has the product where the product lives. So for you, this kind of gives you a glimpse of what to expect in the future. Okay, going right into the copy, he starts off with some bold social proof.

And I know this to be true, because I follow Blake, Blake's a good friend of mine. And he says, I got 5 million impressions and 10,000 retweets on my threads in three weeks. The problem is, so this is first his that main line is like this bold social proof.

It's like if you are on Twitter and you're writing and you're writing threads, this is like the goal, right? You want 5 million impressions, you want 10,000 retweets and you want to happen fast. This is kind of his claim. It's also a social proof.

And then he then as soon as he does that, he goes right into the problems that many writers creators face when writing these threads, which is the fact writing threads is hard. It takes time, brainpower and organization to do them well. And so right there, he hooks them in, he, he, he addresses the main problems that these creators and writers are facing.

And then he tackles, he tackles it by providing and introducing the solution. So I built a system that works for me, like really well, which is fine. One the so I built a system that works for me is boom introduction to his product, product.

And then like really well, I like it because it kind of adds a human element to his copy. It's a little more authentic. It's like, it's not proper grammar technically.

And so it's a nice element of touch. And then boom, right into a, a image that shows a social proof, right? It shows one of his Twitter, probably his most popular Twitter thread with 5,000, 5.7 thousand retweets, 23.8 thousand likes. And I mean, just ultimate virality.

I mean, if I had to guess this thread probably got 1.5 to 2 million impressions alone. And so now after he's entered, introduced his product, he goes into, and I'm sharing it with the world. In fact, people have been asking me for this.

So he basically addresses that. Look, a lot of people are asking for this, for this, uh, for this solution because this is a real world problem. This is a problem that a lot of creators are facing.

So, and how does he address that? A lot of people have been asking for this. Well, again, he grabs a comment from his actual Twitter feed, which is a beautiful way to display trust, uh, or to build trust, sorry, is, is to show real people facing this real problem. And so this is a perfect demonstration of it.

He pulled an actual comment where, uh, somebody's asking for this, right? Like they are asking specifically for a notion template to writing his threads. So he basically took that problem, created the solution and now is, uh, selling it on gum rope. And then, so after, after he's kind of given the social proof, showed how he, how he watched, showed how and why he's even developing this product.

Now it's what, here's what you should expect. And then it tells you not only like what's inside, but what you're going to get from this template template, which is the direction of defining your audience, establishing core topics, fully operational ideas, date, database, intent, thread, brief template, threshold, thread ideas, et cetera, et cetera. Right.

So what I like about this is he kind of, he kind of nails everything really quickly in this, like just, uh, high converting sales page that that's. Honestly, it's really well done for like a, a, just a not long form sales page, you don't need a long form sales page. So overall, this is a great, uh, short form sales page.

He, he provides a ton of social proof. He attack, he tackles the problem. He shows more social proof of, of how he's, how he's used this to get results, which is himself, how, why he's even developing this product, which is because people are asking for it and they're asking for this specific part, so he created it and then what to expect from it.

And then with it being only $12, this is an easy sell.

(Transcribed by TurboScribe.ai. Go Unlimited to remove this message.)